Get object attributes (main) (#2270)
irods/irods_resource_plugin_s3: README.md

Note the use of the `cache` and `archive` contextStrings on the `addchildtoresc` commands.  These inform the parent compound resource which child is serving in which role.  The S3 resource is set to `archive` and a POSIX-capable resource must be set to `cache`.

### Enabling Direct Checksum Reads from S3 Provider

When iRODS needs to calculate a hash or checksum on an object, the default behavior is to read the full object for this calculation. Some S3 providers automatically calculate a hash or checksum on object upload. Reading this directly from the S3 provider can significantly improve performance.

To take advantage of this feature, all of the following must be true:

1. The S3 resource context string must include the `ENABLE_DIRECT_CHECKSUM_READ=1` option.
2. The requested checksum must be returned in the `GetObjectAttributes` API call.
3. The `ChecksumType` returned from `GetObjectAttributes` must be "FULL_OBJECT".

> If any of these are not true or any error occurs while attempting to read the checksum, iRODS will default to the normal behavior of reading the full object to calculate the checksum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any of these conditions are not satisified or an error occurs while attempting to read the checksum, iRODS will default to the normal behavior of reading the full object to calculate the checksum.
```

Author: done
